DOCS-683: Add CSI camera support for Jetson Orin (#1158)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/installation/prepare/jetson-agx-orin-setup.md

{{% /alert %}}

### Camera Setup

1. Install E-Con Systems [e-CAM20_CUOAGX](https://www.e-consystems.com/nvidia-cameras/jetson-agx-orin-cameras/full-hd-ar0234-color-global-shutter-camera.asp) AR0234 driver.
2. Ensure the driver has successfully installed by running `dmesg | grep ar0234`. The output should include `ar0234 Detected Ar0234 sensor R01_RC1`.
3. Connect the AR0234 camera module and daughterboard to the J509 port located at the bottom of the Developer Kit.

> 4. Configure a [camera component](../../../components/camera).

Author: ```suggestion
4. Configure the camera as a [webcam](../../../components/camera/webcam).
```

{{% /alert %}}

### Camera Setup

1. Install E-Con Systems [e-CAM20_CUOAGX](https://www.e-consystems.com/nvidia-cameras/jetson-agx-orin-cameras/full-hd-ar0234-color-global-shutter-camera.asp) AR0234 driver.
   Consult the instructions you received when purchasing your device for more information.

> 2. Ensure the driver has successfully installed by running `dmesg | grep ar0234`. The output should include `ar0234 Detected Ar0234 sensor R01_RC1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Ensure the driver has successfully installed by running `sudo dmesg | grep ar0234`. The output should include `ar0234 Detected Ar0234 sensor`.
```

Reviewer: small mistake that I made on the rdk README.
